Yeah.
What are you doing?
Why do you have something to call me
You don't think I dare to do that, do you?
Ah, then don't hit me, don't hit me, don't hit me, I can't
I'll tell you what.
Next time I send you the disc.
Don't worry.
I will definitely let you write on the violin
I don't write anymore
Mom Yanyan
You look at mom
Look at mom
You are your mother's hope
And you know what?
Uh-huh.
I'll definitely take you out.
Yanyan
You see
What new violin did mom buy you?
Mom, please hide
Don't worry about the key
Mom paid for it.
I still need the tuition fee for this half a year. Mom has already paid it.
The game is in 3 months
Don't be distracted
You know what?
Yes, Mom.
I won't let you down.